dynamic/gear/evdm.md, before:

---
name: "evdm"
title: "Eddie van der Meer's personal website"
tech: ""
sections:
  [
    {
      name: "Microphones",
      gear:
        [
          {
            name: "Neumann KM 184 MT",
            links:
              [
                { seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/3gAn053" },
                {
                  seller: "Thomann",
                  link: "https://www.thomann.de/gb/neumann_km184mt_stereoset.htm?partner_id=69983",
                },
              ],
          },
          {
            name: "Oktava MK-012-02",
            links:
              [
                { seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/2XMnD2U" },
                {
                  seller: "Thomann",
                  link: "https://www.thomann.de/gb/oktava_mk_012_02_msp4_silver.htm?partner_id=69983",
                },
              ],
          },
          {
            name: "Oktava MK-012-01",
            links:
              [
                { seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/2XhhP2A" },
                {
                  seller: "Thomann",
                  link: "https://www.thomann.de/gb/oktava_mk_01201_mkii_matched_pair.htm?partner_id=69983",
                },
              ],
          },
          {
            name: "Behringer C2",
            links:
              [
                {
                  seller: "Thomann",
                  link: "https://www.thomann.de/gb/behringer_c2_stereoset.htm?partner_id=69983",
                },
              ],
          },
        ],
    },
    {
      name: "Interface",
      gear:
        [
          {
            name: "UA Apollo Twin Duo MKII",
            links:
              [
                { seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/2MeljMK" },
                {
                  seller: "Thomann",
                  link: "https://www.thomann.de/gb/universal_audio_apollo_twin_mkii_duo.htm?partner_id=69983",
                },
              ],
          },
          {
            name: "Focusrite Scarlett 2i2",
            links:
              [
                { seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/2XfL3yI" },
                {
                  seller: "Thomann",
                  link: "https://www.thomann.de/gb/focusrite_scarlett_2i2_3rd_gen.htm?partner_id=69983",
                },
              ],
          },
        ],
    },
    {
      name: "Headphones",
      gear:
        [
          {
            name: "Beyerdynamic DT 1990 Pro",
            links:
              [
                { seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/2zIZYbJ" },
                {
                  seller: "Thomann",
                  link: "https://www.thomann.de/gb/beyerdynamic_dt_1990_pro_250_ohms.htm?partner_id=69983",
                },
              ],
          },
          {
            name: "Beyerdynamic DT 770 Pro",
            links:
              [
                { seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/2MhPmTH" },
                {
                  seller: "Thomann",
                  link: "https://www.thomann.de/gb/beyerdynamic_dt770pro.htm?partner_id=69983",
                },
              ],
          },
          {
            name: "Dragonfly Red Headphone Amplifier",
            links: [{ seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/2XfiCAT" }],
          },
          {
            name: "Dragonfly Black Headphone Amplifier",
            links: [{ seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/2TPYSlg" }],
          },
        ],
    },
    {
      name: "Other",
      gear:
        [
          {
            name: "Hola! Music HPS-101TB Mic Stand",
            links: [{ seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/3c9Xws0" }],
          },
          { name: "XLR Microphone Cables (any)" },
        ],
    },
  ]
---

Commit message:

filled the page with content

dynamic/gear/evdm.md, after:

---
name: "evdm"
title: "Eddie van der Meer"
discipline: "Web development"
description: "I had the pleasure of improving Eddie's website by leveraging React and Next.js for front-end development. My contributions focused on enhancing usability, responsiveness, and deployment on the cloud. Through this project, I gained valuable experience in creating dynamically generated pages, working with Git, and ultimately delivering a seamless browsing experience to Eddie's audience."
year: "2023"
role: "Developer"
tech: "NextJS, React, TypeScript, ChakraUI, Tailwind"
forward: "https://eddievdmeer.com/"
sections:
  [
    {
      name: "Microphones",
      gear:
        [
          {
            name: "Neumann KM 184 MT",
            links:
              [
                { seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/3gAn053" },
                {
                  seller: "Thomann",
                  link: "https://www.thomann.de/gb/neumann_km184mt_stereoset.htm?partner_id=69983",
                },
              ],
          },
          {
            name: "Oktava MK-012-02",
            links:
              [
                { seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/2XMnD2U" },
                {
                  seller: "Thomann",
                  link: "https://www.thomann.de/gb/oktava_mk_012_02_msp4_silver.htm?partner_id=69983",
                },
              ],
          },
          {
            name: "Oktava MK-012-01",
            links:
              [
                { seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/2XhhP2A" },
                {
                  seller: "Thomann",
                  link: "https://www.thomann.de/gb/oktava_mk_01201_mkii_matched_pair.htm?partner_id=69983",
                },
              ],
          },
          {
            name: "Behringer C2",
            links:
              [
                {
                  seller: "Thomann",
                  link: "https://www.thomann.de/gb/behringer_c2_stereoset.htm?partner_id=69983",
                },
              ],
          },
        ],
    },
    {
      name: "Interface",
      gear:
        [
          {
            name: "UA Apollo Twin Duo MKII",
            links:
              [
                { seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/2MeljMK" },
                {
                  seller: "Thomann",
                  link: "https://www.thomann.de/gb/universal_audio_apollo_twin_mkii_duo.htm?partner_id=69983",
                },
              ],
          },
          {
            name: "Focusrite Scarlett 2i2",
            links:
              [
                { seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/2XfL3yI" },
                {
                  seller: "Thomann",
                  link: "https://www.thomann.de/gb/focusrite_scarlett_2i2_3rd_gen.htm?partner_id=69983",
                },
              ],
          },
        ],
    },
    {
      name: "Headphones",
      gear:
        [
          {
            name: "Beyerdynamic DT 1990 Pro",
            links:
              [
                { seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/2zIZYbJ" },
                {
                  seller: "Thomann",
                  link: "https://www.thomann.de/gb/beyerdynamic_dt_1990_pro_250_ohms.htm?partner_id=69983",
                },
              ],
          },
          {
            name: "Beyerdynamic DT 770 Pro",
            links:
              [
                { seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/2MhPmTH" },
                {
                  seller: "Thomann",
                  link: "https://www.thomann.de/gb/beyerdynamic_dt770pro.htm?partner_id=69983",
                },
              ],
          },
          {
            name: "Dragonfly Red Headphone Amplifier",
            links: [{ seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/2XfiCAT" }],
          },
          {
            name: "Dragonfly Black Headphone Amplifier",
            links: [{ seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/2TPYSlg" }],
          },
        ],
    },
    {
      name: "Other",
      gear:
        [
          {
            name: "Hola! Music HPS-101TB Mic Stand",
            links: [{ seller: "Amazon", link: "https://amzn.to/3c9Xws0" }],
          },
          { name: "XLR Microphone Cables (any)" },
        ],
    },
  ]
---
